fix: Performance improvement for scattergl with many points. Issue #7065 (#7301)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/7301_fix.md

> - Fix: Performance improvement for scattergl with many points [[#7301](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7301)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Performance improvement for scattergl traces with many points [[#7301](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7301)],
   with thanks to @giuseppe-straziota for the contribution!
```
